Enhance helm documentation (#12476)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/helm/index.md

## Installation steps

This section describes the procedure to deploy Istio Service Mesh using Helm. The general syntax for helm installation is:
`helm install <release> <chart> --namespace <namespace> --create-namespace [--set <other_parameters>]`

The variables specified in the command are as follows:

    <chart> : A path to a packaged Helm chart, unpackaged Helm chart or a URL.
    <release> : Name to identify and manage the Helm chart once installed.

>     <namespace> : Namespace in which the chart has to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the procedure to install Istio using Helm. The general syntax for helm installation is:

{{< text syntax=bash snip_id=none >}}
$ helm install <release> <chart> --namespace <namespace> --create-namespace [--set <other_parameters>]
{{< /text >}}

The variables specified in the command are as follows:

* `<chart>` A path to a packaged Helm chart, unpackaged Helm chart, or a URL.
* `<release>` A name to identify and manage the Helm chart once installed.
* `<namespace>` The namespace in which the chart is to be installed.

Reviewer: I don't know much about helm, but this seems unclear:

`A path to a packaged Helm chart, unpackaged Helm chart, or a URL.`

What's the URL to? Would this be correct:

`A file path or URL to a packaged or unpackaged Helm chart.`

Any of the configuration parameter default values can be changed by applying the `--set <parameter>=<value>` argument. To change many parameters at once, a custom values file can be applied using `--values <file>` argument.

{{< tip >}}
The default values for the configuration parameters can be seen using the command `helm show values <chart>`. Otherwise you can refer to the respective `artifacthub` for
checking the default values. See [Custom Resource Definition parameters](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/istio-official/base?modal=values), [Istiod chart configuration parameters](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/istio-official/istiod?modal=values) and [Gateway chart configuration parameters](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/istio-official/gateway?modal=values) for the same.
{{< /tip >}}

1. Create a namespace `istio-system` for Istio components (This step can be skipped if using --create-namespace argument):

    {{< text syntax=bash snip_id=create_istio_system_namespace >}}
    $ kubectl create namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Install the Istio base chart which contains cluster-wide resources used by the Istio control plane. Custom Resource Definitions(CRD) are cluster-wide resources which must be installed prior to the deployment of Istio control plane:

Author: it is already there: https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/upgrade/helm/#canary-upgrade-recommended

> 1. Install the Istio base chart which contains cluster-wide resources used by the Istio control plane. Custom Resource Definitions(CRD) are cluster-wide resources which must be installed prior to the deployment of Istio control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Istio base chart which contains cluster-wide Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) which must be installed prior to the deployment of the Istio control plane:
```

    $ helm install istio-base istio/base -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

1. Validate the CRD installation with the `helm ls` command:

    {{< text syntax=bash >}}
    $ helm ls -n istio-system

>       NAME          NAMESPACE       REVISION    UPDATED   STATUS      CHART           APP VERSION
>       istio-base    istio-system    1           ... ...   deployed    base-1.16.1     1.16.1

Reviewer: Command output here, and in the other following bash commands, should appear as they would on the command line, i.e., without extra indentation.

```suggestion
    NAME          NAMESPACE       REVISION    UPDATED   STATUS      CHART           APP VERSION
    istio-base    istio-system    1           ... ...   deployed    base-1.16.1     1.16.1
```

Reviewer: Also, why is the UPDATED value `... ...`, instead of just `...`. Are there really two space-separated values in the output under the UPDATED column?

Author: yes, the updated column has space separated values
